cal: improve util-linux page and split POSIX, osx and *BSD (#12172)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/cal.md

# cal

> > Prints calendar information, with the current day highlighted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Print a calendar with the current day highlighted.
```

> More information: <https://manned.org/cal.1p>.

- Display a calendar for the current month:

`cal`

> - Display a calendar for a specific year (4 digits):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display a calendar for a specific year:
```

The man page states that even years before 1000 work ;)
